The true god behind the black gold group is not him
See General Xia
General Xia of the Kingdom of Heaven
Meet General Xia
See General Xia
Xia Qingming, the daughter of the Xia family who has been looking for me for half her life
General Xia, do you mean that the true god behind the black gold group is not Ye Linghan?
But General Xia
We saw Mr. Xue kneel down for him with our own eyes.
Mr. Xue, this is your home court
I still have to give some face to the black gold group.
After all, I can probably guess who the true god behind this is
General Xia
Who is the true god behind this black gold group?
Yes what exactly
Mr. Xue, you know that the whole building is looking for the god behind it
You because of his true identity
I found a random mountain villager and came to Maoming to replace him
Aren't you afraid of wrath?
What are you trying to say?
The room has three guesses
The first is one of the three noble families in Shangjing City
The second is the new Lord God of Lu Shenggu
The third is the Emperor Min in the North
And this person
Take advantage of these 3 people not to touch at all
You guys are so confused
Silly Xiaoyu, who is the true god behind this black gold group?
Mr. Xue, Mr. Xue
No matter how high the security factor of your black gold group is
My next family owns the world's top hacker group
Isn't it easy to check someone?
You talked for a long time
Who is the true God behind this?
Yes, General Xia
Why don't you sell coffins?
General, just say it
The true god behind the black gold group is the empress of Beijing